# Global_Sales_analysis
Excel Dashboard analyzing global sales data 

#The global sales data was obtained from kaggle and contains global sales data for various bike and clothing products. All of the data cleaning, processing, and analysis was done in excel.For this project I began by first uploading the data into excel and creating sheets for pivot tables, a working sheet, and a dashboard. Following this I decided to clean the data (deleting duplicates, fixing typos. etc.) I edited the age column so that a visualization would be easier to create. For the age column I utilized a nested if statement to create age brackets in order to be able to group customers based off of their age. Following this I created pivot tables showing revenue and sales by country and age bracket. Two visualizations were made and further filters were created to make the dashboard interactive. The filters further show sales by gender, year, month, and catagory of item. Hyperlinks were then implemented to make the dashboard easier to navigate. Each icon under the title of the dashboard helps the user navigate the document. The visualizations demonstrate that the majority of the revenue gained has been from the sale of accessory items suggesting that perhaps focusing on high quality and highly used accessories may be worthwhile. However, this may be quite decptive as the only product labeled as a clothing product are caps and gloves given the difference in the number of accessories we see versus the number of accessories then one can conclude if there were more clothing productd being sold it is quite possible that clothing sales may be match the accessory sales therefore it would be worth while to explore offering more clothing items. As well as aiming marketing towards young adults and middle aged adults as the majority of sales come from these age brackets. 
